Upstreamize Hammer guide (#3197)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_introduction-to-hammer.adoc

endif::[]

[[sect-CLI_Guide-Getting_Help]]
== Getting help

View the full list of `hammer` options and subcommands by executing:

[options="nowrap", subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
$ hammer --help
----
Use `--help` to inspect any subcommand, for example:

[options="nowrap", subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
$ hammer organization --help
----
You can search the help output using `grep`, or redirect it to a text viewer, for example:

[options="nowrap", subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
$ hammer | less
----

[[sect-CLI_Guide-Authentication]]
== Authentication

A {Project} user must prove their identity to {ProjectName} when entering hammer commands.
Hammer commands can be run manually or automatically.
In either case, hammer requires {Project} credentials for authentication.
There are three methods of hammer authentication:

* Hammer authentication session
* Storing credentials in the hammer configuration file
* Providing credentials with each hammer command

The hammer configuration file method is recommended when running commands automatically.
For example, running {Project} maintenance commands from a cron job.

> When running commands manually, Red{nbsp}Hat recommends using the hammer authentication session and providing credentials with each command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running commands manually, {Team} recommends using the hammer authentication session and providing credentials with each command.
```
